Dad, don't you understand?
As long as Lu Jinshenyi submits evidence
You're going to jail for life.
I can't bear to let you go, dad
What is this money?
I'm only here for a few decades.
I will definitely make a comeback
Hahahaha
It's wonderful.
What are you doing here?
My wife and father-in-law are here
I shouldn't have come
Lu Jiancheng counts me as begging you
Please spare my father once, okay?
He and I are broke
He has nothing left.
Doesn't he still have a good daughter like you?
Be careful, I see Xiaoyan's relationship is so good
Father-in-law, I'm relieved
It was my father-in-law who misunderstood
Because of Xiaoyan
If you are wronged, you will talk nonsense every day.
Granny open mouth
Mr. Open Mouth
Can you give your father-in-law another chance?
As long as you help me get through that difficult time
I'll let him support you in everything from now on
Dad?
I want a divorce with the explanation
Pardon me?